# Quake log parser



# A verdade só pode ser encontrada em um lugar: o código.
# --Robert C. Martin

# 1. Introduction
This test is intended for candidates applying to Quality Assurance Engineering positions at CloudWalk. We expect our QA engineers to have a solid software engineering foundation and familiarity with software development best pratices. To check that we propose a simple programming challenge that will let us know more about your skills. Our evaluation will cover the following aspects:

Overall implementation (accuracy, readability, etc)
Git skills (fragmentation, commit messages, etc)
Documentation (source code, readme file, etc)
Testability (testing framework, coverage, etc)
You are welcome to use a programming language that you are comfortable with.
#

# 2. Requirements
Git
A development environment
Quake game log

### Exemplo

  	21:42 Kill: 1022 2 22: <world> killed Isgalamido by MOD_TRIGGER_HURT
  
  O player "Isgalamido" morreu pois estava ferido e caiu de uma altura que o matou.

  	2:22 Kill: 3 2 10: Isgalamido killed Dono da Bola by MOD_RAILGUN
  
  O player "Isgalamido" matou o player Dono da Bola usando a arma Railgun.
  
Para cada jogo o parser deve gerar algo como:

    game_1: {
	    total_kills: 45;
	    players: ["Dono da bola", "Isgalamido", "Zeh"]
	    kills: {
	      "Dono da bola": 5,
	      "Isgalamido": 18,
	      "Zeh": 20
	    }
	  }



# 3. Tasks
3.1. Log parser
Create a project to parse the Quake log file.

The log file was generated by a Quake 3 Arena server, including a great deal of information of every match.

The project should implement the following functionalities:

Read the log file
Group the game data of each match
Collect kill data
Example
21:42 Kill: 1022 2 22: <world> killed Isgalamido by MOD_TRIGGER_HURT
The player "Isgalamido" died because he was wounded and fell from a height enough to kill him.

2:22 Kill: 3 2 10: Isgalamido killed Dono da Bola by MOD_RAILGUN
The player "Isgalamido" killed the player "Dono da Bola" using the Railgun weapon.

Example of grouped information for each match:

"game_1": {
"total_kills": 45,
"players": ["Dono da bola", "Isgalamido", "Zeh"],
"kills": {
  "Dono da bola": 5,
  "Isgalamido": 18,
  "Zeh": 20
  }
}
Additional notes:

When <world> kill a player, that player loses -1 kill score.
Since <world> is not a player, it should not appear in the list of players or in the dictionary of kills.
The counter total_kills includes player and world deaths.


# 3.2. Report
Create a script that prints a report (grouped information) for each match and a player ranking.

## Plus

# 3.3. Plus
Generate a report of deaths grouped by death cause for each match.

Death causes (extracted from source code)

// means of death
typedef enum {
  MOD_UNKNOWN,
  MOD_SHOTGUN,
  MOD_GAUNTLET,
  MOD_MACHINEGUN,
  MOD_GRENADE,
  MOD_GRENADE_SPLASH,
  MOD_ROCKET,
  MOD_ROCKET_SPLASH,
  MOD_PLASMA,
  MOD_PLASMA_SPLASH,
  MOD_RAILGUN,
  MOD_LIGHTNING,
  MOD_BFG,
  MOD_BFG_SPLASH,
  MOD_WATER,
  MOD_SLIME,
  MOD_LAVA,
  MOD_CRUSH,
  MOD_TELEFRAG,
  MOD_FALLING,
  MOD_SUICIDE,
  MOD_TARGET_LASER,
  MOD_TRIGGER_HURT,
#ifdef MISSIONPACK
  MOD_NAIL,
  MOD_CHAINGUN,
  MOD_PROXIMITY_MINE,
  MOD_KAMIKAZE,
  MOD_JUICED,
#endif
  MOD_GRAPPLE
} meansOfDeath_t;
Example
"game-1": {
  "kills_by_means": {
    "MOD_SHOTGUN": 10,
    "MOD_RAILGUN": 2,
    "MOD_GAUNTLET": 1,
    ...
  }
}

# Requisitos

You are expected to submit a compacted git repository with the project through the form you received.

Enjoy :)
